The Joe Rogan experience. Does it matter what Ocasio,
Cort automat tweet or Trump tweets we're we're.
Did you see that one with AIO Cortez and this giant
transsexual gal, um, in, uh, this beautiful. No, I already love it.
Beautiful outfit. I mean, she's, I don't know how tall AOC is.
She looks like she's about five, seven in me, probably this,
this lady next to her is a gigantic. And what was the,
and she's painted orange with a, with white face paint and she's clapping.
And what was this about? What was this for? Apparently, uh,
AOC went to a show and she was just giving the gal props yeah. And clapping.
And she was like super animated. Like you don't really see a,
a Congresswoman do. Yeah. You know? And, uh, and this, this, uh,
trans woman was beyond thrilled. I'm assuming it was a, I mean,
did you see the one where they're at the rally and they start talking about
eating the babies. That's amazing where AOC, somebody stands up that, I mean,
that's one of the funniest things.
Is that someone who's doing like an onion thing? I hope so. I think so.
I think that's somebody who's just doing a, you know, a character, you know,
or someone who's like legitimately my mentally ill somebody's legitimately
mentally ill, but it was too funny and too good where I'm like, no, this,
this is somebody who's really cause they got into it. You could see,
I love that. It's like the scene from Bo at, uh, where he's doing the,
the speed, the thing at the rodeo. Yeah.
And you could see their faces starting to change. Cause they're like, oh wait,
something's off. Yeah.
You could see Acaia Cortez's face start to change as a woman started talking
about eating infants. Yeah. And you could see Acaia Cortez. Yeah.
I remember this so good. <laugh>.
It's not getting, you know, getting with a fossil.
Fuel's not gonna solve the problem. Fast enough. A Swedish professor saying you,
we can eat. Yeah. That people, but that's not asked enough.
So I think your next, uh, campaign slogan has to be this.
We got to start eating babies. We don't have enough time.
There's too much CO2. All of you.
Oh my God. This is amazing. Like, you know, I'm watching here. I'm like,
maybe it is a real person. I think it's a real person. I love it.
There's something too good about it. If it's not a real person,
she's gonna be the star of one of the she's amazing movie. She's she amazing.
Amazing.
She just, we just heard her say that. And as I was Googling it, uh,
snoops came up and it says,
did us AOC supporter suggest that fact check mixture of results,
which I'm not gonna go to the thing to read what they say, but like,
why wouldn't they just say true? Because.
That'ss what it said, because it might have been a joke. Correct?
I think slopes leans pretty left. Hard left and establishment. Yeah.
They're very establishment. Like they check things against, you know,
mainstream organs of opinion. Yeah. Oh this, this is great actor.
It might be, might be what does it say?
A woman's true.
She's yeah. They have stunts of doing this.
A conspiracy group. She was an AOC supporter. Okay.
They stated the internet troll was to troll Ocasio, Cortez. Good job.
Conspiracy crew. Great job.
She apparently was working at the behest of a fringe conspiracy group with a
history of such stunts. Of course. Yeah. Why not? Of course have five. Right?
Have fun. Have five. And it seemed fake. Right? It seemed, uh, I mean,
it seemed real, but it seemed,
it seemed like there's no way someone really would want to eat babies. It would,
it it's an extreme position. It's an extreme position.
I just love did you see the, her, the video with her and the transla lady? Yeah.
I was looking for that. I saw it,
but I was trying to find it again for that's that's insane.
This lady's like you think she would ever come on this show? Ocasio. Cortez.
Yeah, sure. She would interesting. That'd be nice to her. Yeah. I like, yeah.
She's sweet. She's 28. She's she's DED though.
She's gonna get rid of planes and yeah. Shes is silly girl,
a bartender two years ago. Pour SoCal, lime shots.
You need a far left to balance off the far, right? Yeah.
You needs to be a little more crazy people reasonable and you it's great
that we have a game show host versus a bartender. Yeah, that's great.
Which one's the game show host again? Uh, Trump. Oh, that's right.
And then she's a bartender. This is how it ends. Listen. She, why not?
She could I'm P make it. I will make Logan Paul president, dude.
He's a smart 10 years. He will run.
YouTubers are going to have millions of dollars.
Millions of fans and no skills when they're all 40. That's true.
I will make him the president of the United States.
He will not be that bad at it. He's disciplined. He's got a heart. I, I will,
I will be his Steve Badden. I'm gonna get involved in that. Yeah. I mean,
has already had two fights. Yeah.
Two boxing matches a hundred percent percent of the, the whole world.
I think the next,
the next group of political figures may come from the internet.
They may be YouTubers. Maybe it's possible. Yeah. Did you watch that fight?
I watched a little bit of it. What'd you think they're not bad? I mean, they,
they got, they worked their asses on they. Yeah. They, they clearly did.
They were in real good shape to fight six round.
The thing that happened when he hit him,
when he was down that two point thing that he lost is that legit.
You're not supposed to hit them when they're down. Okay. There it is.
Look at that. Give us a volume. Can you do that or no bad idea.
Amazing.
Impeccable genius. You.
Believe just incredible from the revolutionary of our time.
I love you so much. Thank you for being what's the hug. Oh, adorable. Somewhere.
Pana is sitting there being like YY <laugh> that threw me off so hard.
What were we just talking about before that? Um, the K load of Paul fight.
Oh yeah. So they got wild. Um,
it's hard to keep your together when you're fighting in front of all those
people.
But if one of them had been able to keep their together and not go wild and just
box, like, um, I don't know which one box is better.
It seems like Logan Paul was training with Shannon. The cannon Briggs.
Who's legit as. I mean, he's like, you know,
he was one of the top heavyweights in the world, former world champion. I mean,
he's, he's knows how to teach box. He knows how the box. Right.
As good as it get. Yeah. So he was working with Logan,
Paul and he said some crazy like Logan,
Paul could be heavyweight champion in the world. He's white. He got money. Yeah.
That's what he said saying to be the president. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
I don't know about that, but I do know he's a real athlete. He's an athlete.
Yeah. A hundred percent. He dedicated himself to it. I mean, I,
I did a podcast at his house and he was training all day.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> ice bath, all the thing, you know, whatever you can tell,
you can tell like, and the same thing with KSI, they're both athletes.
They both know how to fight a little bit and they probably up someone.
Who's not as good as them, but it's um, they both got wild.
And what that means is you,
you start swinging for the fences and sometimes you land and sometimes you
don't.
But if one of them could have stayed technical and just boxed and just fired off
sharp jabs and cleaned right hands and moved a lot and kept your hands up and
boxed, don't get emotional. If they could just box and not get emotional,
they'd start landing. And if you start landing,
you start hurting the guy and he goes,
start hurting the guy with punches that aren't, your heart is shot. They don't,
you're not winding up with them. You're not exposing yourself.
You're just fighting. Technically.
That's the difference between someone who knows how to box a little bit and,
and starts slugging versus someone who's smart. Right. And someone who,
who understands that when you're fights. Yes. When you're under rest,
you have to keep your, your calm and be able to see everything.
And the more you tighten up, the hard it's to see things,
and then you start swinging and then you you're barely paying attention. Right?
You, you, you might land and might knock the guy out still.
You still have power. It's not an absolute thing. Right.
But when you look at guys who are really good boxers,
like Floyd Mayweather does not get into slug fests. Right. You know,
he just executes everything prosecuting. Yeah. He's figuring you out.
He's finding the holes. He's popping. 'em in there. He's not getting hit.
And then eventually starts chopping people down and breaking them down,
you know? And that's what he did with Connor. Connor had, I mean,
it was a great money grab for Connor, but that, that didn't make any sense.
Right. But that these guys, what they are, is they both like at a similar level,
the reason why it's so fun to it's.
Cause they're both like they can hit a little bit. They both are good athletes.
Yeah.
And they're both kind of learning how to fight and they're both super famous.
Yeah. Online. Yeah. And then they get together and then they're even bigger.
I mean, it was explosive. They sold out the staple. What does that hold?
Oh know, it's crazy. 20,000 people. A lot of people it's a lot of people,
it was one of the 18 at advance, you know? Oh yeah. Because yeah.
And it was a good fight. It's wild in terms of like entertainment value,
they went after it. They didn't.
But I think if one of them learned how to just box,
just stay like a samurai and just box and never let that emotion get ahold of
you hard to do in this. Yeah. In the staple center. It's always hard to do,
but it's even more hard to do when you talk to each other. Is it,
is there a similarity when you're, when you you're playing arenas now,
is that different when you're in an arena versus you being in a smaller venue?
Well, it's nothing like a fight. Of course. The thing about fights is like,
here comes here. It comes here, comes it's happening. Right?
It's like all the preparation, all your nightmares, you get knocked out,
all the weird feelings. You like, you get hurt in training.
You have to work around it. It still hurts. And you get in there,
all that stuff that they're dealing with when they go in there is like,
stand up times a million. Like the, the thing about standup is if, like,
if you do your prep work and you get your together, you could do it many,
many nights in a row. Correct. They can't do that. That's they got one chance,
one chance, one chance,
you know that one time you did a joke and it just came out like. Yes.
And you're like, I wish I could do that show again. And ROS you away.
It ROS you away. Well, they, sometimes people have moments like that.
Athletically, like you just, you up you, your chin was up hot.
You came and swinging. You got clipped. Once you got clipped in the first round,
you tried to box in the second and third, and then he takes you out in the,
the fourth. And you're like. If I just played my fight. Right.
And played my game. Right. I could've outboxed him. Yeah.
But instead I did something stupid and I got clipped, but then it's also,
I guess part of it is the show. Yeah.
Part of it is the spectacle it's so I'm saying so much easier to do comedy. No,
of course closed. Of course, of course I will.
I do wanna fight Chelsea handler that it's a good fight. That's a great fight.
Me. And Chelsea's a good, fine with that. Um, first of all,
which fight over though,
I mean that her latest documentary it's hello privilege. It's me.
Chelsea we'll fight over that. Um, which was wild. I mean, you know,
it was a little wild. Did you see it? No.
It's her talking a white privilege in the back of her Bellaire mansion in the
backyard. It's a fun one. And um,
I just think she should go around and apologize for all the things like she
should go to the Gaza strip and do hello Gaza to me, Chelsea and. Hello,
Tuskegee to me, Chelsea. I don't think they're allow. Yeah, well, right. No,
she goes, gotta go to graves.
She should just apologize for everything America's ever done.
Go to native Americans, you know? No, I mean, I, I, I kid around,
but maybe these it's a joke. Don't you know, this is a joke.